133-testable-documentation (#1141)
inductiva/inductiva: docs/markdown_sample.md

# Markdown Test File

### Not python example

> This first example wont run because its not a python snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This first example won't run because it is not a python snippet.
```

```c
#include <stdio.h>
int main() {
   // printf() displays the string inside quotation
   printf("Hello, World!");
   return 0;
}
```

### No run example

> This snippet is python but we define it not to run using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This snippet is python but we define that it should not be tested using the `notest` tag 
```

```python notest
task_1.download_outputs()
```

### Normal example

> This is the first example that will run. This snippet is just the normal case where there are no dependencies or ficture vars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first example that will run. This snippet is just the normal case where there
are no dependencies or fixture variables.
```

```python
import inductiva

input_dir = inductiva.utils.download_from_url(
    "https://storage.googleapis.com/inductiva-api-demo-files/"
    "fds-input-example.zip", unzip=True)

fds = inductiva.simulators.FDS()

task = fds.run(input_dir=input_dir,
               sim_config_filename="mccaffrey.fds",
               post_processing_filename="mccaffrey.ssf",
               n_vcpus=1)
```

### Dependency test

> This snipper is dependant on the last snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This snippet is dependent on the last snippet.
```

```python continuation

> print("fds task",task.get_status())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print("fds task", task.get_status())
```

```

### Fixture test

> This snippet is not dependant on any other snippet. But, we need to provide it with some fixtures (variables or functions that are not defined inside the snippet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This snippet is not dependent on any other snippet. However, for it to be tested we
need to provide it with some fixtures (variables or functions that are not defined
inside the snippet):
```
